# Integrated-single-cell-proteomic-and-transcriptomic-landscape-of-mouse-folliculogenesis
Scripts perform end-to-end single-cell proteome+transcriptome analysis: load/preprocess matrices, normalize/cluster, UMAP/visualize, differential and enrichment, metabolic/mitochondrial features, ARACNe/VIPER TF activity, ligand–receptor   CCI, trajectory/phylovelo exports to reproduce main/supplementary figures.<br><br>
**All datasets underpinning the conclusions of this study** are provided within the article and its supplementary materials. **The mass spectrometry proteomic data** have been deposited in the iProX database under the dataset identifier IPX0010902000. **All RNA-seq data generated in this study** have been deposited in the Genome Sequence Archive at the National Genomics Data Center, China National Center for Bioinformation/Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences (GSA: CRA022708), and are publicly accessible at https://ngdc.cncb.ac.cn/gsa. **The processed proteomic and transcriptomic datasets** have also been deposited in the open-access repository Figshare and are available under the DOI: 10.6084/m9.figshare.28254857.<br><br>
**other research.csv**: Column 1 lists the proteins identified in mouse secondary and antral follicles reported by Zhang et al. (Zhang S, Mu L, Wang H, Xu X, Jia L, Niu S, et al. Quantitative proteomic analysis uncovers protein-expression profiles during gonadotropin-dependent folliculogenesis in mice. Biol Reprod. 2023;108:479–491). Column 2 contains the proteins identified in mouse oocytes reported by Li et al. (Li Q, Mu L, Yang X, Wang G, Liang J, Wang S, et al. Discovery of oogenesis biomarkers from mouse oocytes using a single-cell proteomics approach. J Proteome Res. 2023;22:2067–2078). Column 3 lists the proteins identified in oocytes reported by Sun et al. (Sun H, Sun G, Zhang H, An H, Guo Y, Ge J, et al. Proteomic profiling reveals the molecular control of oocyte maturation. Mol Cell Proteomics. 2023;22:100481).<br>
